Add openai readme note about DD_SITE (#16433)
DataDog/integrations-core: openai/README.md

```

3. Prefix your OpenAI Python application command with `ddtrace-run` and the following environment variables as shown below: 

```shell
DD_SERVICE="my-service" DD_ENV="staging" DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY> ddtrace-run python <your-app>.py
```

**Notes**: 

> - Non-US1 customers must set `DD_SITE` on the application command to the correct Datadog site parameter as specified in the table in the [Datadog Site][13] page (e.g. `datadoghq.eu` for EU1 customers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- partial
{{% site-region region="us3,us5,eu,gov,ap1" %}}
- Non-US1 customers must set `DD_SITE` on the application command to the correct Datadog site parameter as specified in the table in the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site">Datadog Site</a> page (for example, `datadoghq.eu` for EU1 customers).{{% /site-region %}}
partial -->
```
Just wanted to show this approach in case you didn't know about it. This will only show the bullet for users with non-US1 sites selected.

Author: Ahh, I wasn't aware of this. Thanks for letting me know!
